---
layout: post
title:  "Ch-Ch-Ch-Ch-Changes"
date:   2015-07-05
<!-- tags: tiydesign Iron-Yard design perfectionism -->
excerpt: Change can be scary and hard but also refreshing and inspiring. These changes have been good, y'all, and I am so excited about all that's happened and what's to come.
---

The past almost three months since I graduated from The Iron Yard have been full of change. So much so that I've neglected this blog. However, that also changes starting today.

Change can be scary and hard but also refreshing and inspiring. I'm a person of habit&mdash;I like having a schedule and knowing what to expect, so change can be hard for me in that regard. I've spent a lot of time focusing on adjusting to newness the past few months, and have a new routine established. I feel fulfilled and proud and grateful for all that's happened.

Changes include:
<ul>
<li><p>Getting my first design job! A week after graduation, I started freelancing for <a href="https://favordelivery.com/">Favor</a>. In less than a month, I was on the team full time. I work very closely with the other designer on the team and have learned a lot about print design in the process. I also am much more confident in my Illustrator and Photoshop abilities. I'm currently working on their style guide and am very excited to get my hands dirty with code again.</p></li>
<li><p>Redesigning my portfolio. My week 11-12 Iron Yard self did a great job of the first design, while simultaneously completing my <a href="http://jessecrow.com/nps/">final project</a>, but I grew increasingly unhappy with the design. I was glad to take a step back, think more about the messages I want to convey, and have a site that I'm very happy with. Of course, I'm always open for feedback! If you have any, you can send it my way <a href="http://jessecrow.com/contact.html">here</a>.</p></li>
<li>Enjoying all the things I was looking forward to while in school. Spend more quality time with my fella and dogs? Check. Start taking banjo lessons? Check. Find a type of working out I enjoy and stick with it? Check. Spend more time in the sun? Check.</li>
</ul>

These changes have been good, y'all, and I am so excited about all that's happened and what's to come.